Part 1

How many end devices are not desktop computers?
8

How many different types of media connections are used in this network topology?
4

Part 2

a. In Packet Tracer, only the Server-PT device can act as a server. Desktop or Laptop PCs cannot act as a server. Based on your studies so far, explain the client-server model.

In modern networks, a host can act as a client, a server, or both. Software installed on the host determines the role it plays on the network. Servers are hosts that have software installed that enables them to provide information and services, like email or web pages, to other hosts on the network. Clients are hosts that have software installed that enables them to request and display the information obtained from the server. A client could also be configured as a server simply by installing server software.

b. List at least two functions of intermediary devices.

Regenerate and retransmit data signals; maintain information about what pathways exist through the network and internetwork; notify other devices of errors and communication failures; Direct data along alternate pathways when there is a link failure; Classify and direct messages according to QoS priorities; Permit or deny the flow of data, based on security settings.

c. List at least two criteria for choosing a network media type.

The distance the media can successfully carry a signal. The environment in which the media is to be installed. The amount of data and the speed at which it must be transmitted. The cost of the media and installation.

Part 3

a. Explain the difference between a LAN and a WAN. Give examples of each.
- LANs provide access to end users in a small geographical area. A home office or school campus are examples of LANs. WANs provide access to users in a wide geographical area over long distances spanning a few miles to thousands of miles. A Metropolitan Area Network and the Internet are examples of WANs. A company’s intranet may also connect multiple remote sites using a WAN.

b. In the Packet Tracer network, how many WANs do you see?
- There are two: the Internet and the Intranet WANs.
c. How many LANs do you see?
- There are three, easily identifiable because each has a border and label.

d. The Internet in this Packet Tracer network is overly simplified and does not represent the structure and form of the real Internet. Briefly describe the Internet.
- The Internet is mostly used when we need to communicate with a resource on another network. The Internet is a global mesh of interconnected networks (internetworks).

e. What are some of the common ways a home user connects to the Internet?
- Cable, DSL, dial-up, cellular, and satellite.

f. What are some common methods that businesses use to connect to the Internet in your area?
- Dedicated leased line, Metro-E, DSL, Cable, Satellite

Challenge

Add an end device to the topology and connect it to one of the LANs with a media connection. What else does this device need to send data to other end users? Can you provide the information? Is there a way to verify that you correctly connected the device?

Yes

Add a new intermediary device to one of the networks and connect it to one of the LANs or WANs with a media connection. What else does this device need to serve as an intermediary to other devices in the network?

Routers, switches, hubs, wireless devices, security and WAN emulation.





