Part 1
Step 2

b. Answer the following questions:

How many FastEthernet interfaces does the switch have?  - 24

How many Gigabit Ethernet interfaces does the switch have? - 2

What is the range of values shown for the vty lines? - 0 -15

Which command will display the current contents of non-volatile random-access memory (NVRAM)?

- show startup-configuration

Why does the switch respond with startup-config is not present? 

- It displays this message because the configuration file was not saved to NVRAM. Currently it is only located in RAM

Part 2
Step 2:

Why is the login command required?

- In order for the password checking process to work, it requires both the login and password commands

Step 7:

b. What is displayed for the enable secret password?  - $1$mERr$ILwq/b7kc.7X/ejA4Aosn0

c. Why is the enable secret password displayed differently from what we configured?

- The enable secret is shown in encrypted form, whereas the enable password is in plain text.

Step 8:

If you configure any more passwords on the switch, will they be displayed in the configuration file as plain text or in encrypted form? Explain why?

The service password-encryption command encrypts all current and future passwords.

Part 3
Step 1:
When will this banner be displayed?

The message will be displayed when someone enters the switch through the console port.

Why should every switch have a MOTD banner?

Every switch should have a banner to warn unauthorized users that access is prohibited but can also be used for sending messages to network personnel/technicians (such as impending system shutdowns or who to contact for access)

Part 4 
Step 1:


Step 2:
What is the shortest, abbreviated version of the copy running-config startup-config command?  cop r s

Step 3:
Which command will display the contents of NVRAM?  - show startup-config

Are all the changes that were entered recorded in the file? - Yes, it is the same as the running configuration.










