Look at the Web Client web browser page. Did anything change?
The web page was returned from the web server.

What information is listed in the numbered steps directly below the In Layers and Out Layers boxes for Layer 7?
“1. The HTTP client sends a HTTP request to the server.”

What is the Dst Port value for Layer 4 under the Out Layers column?
80

What is the Dest. IP value for Layer 3 under the Out Layers column?
192.168.1.254

What information is displayed at Layer 2 under the Out Layers column?
Layer 2 Ethernet II Header and inbound and outbound MAC addresses.

What is the common information listed under the IP section of PDU Details as compared to the information listed under the OSI Model tab? With which layer is it associated?
SRC IP and DST IP at Layer 3

What is the common information listed under the TCP section of PDU Details, as compared to the information listed under the OSI Model tab, and with which layer is it associated?
SRC PORT and DEST PORT at Layer 4

What is the Host listed under the HTTP section of the PDU Details? What layer would this information be associated with under the OSI Model tab?
www.osi.local, Layer 7

Comparing the information displayed in the In Layers column with that of the Out Layers column, what are the major differences?
The Src and Dst Ports, Src and Dst IPs and MAC addresses have been swapped.

f. Click the Inbound and Outbound PDU Details tab. Review the PDU details.

g. Click the last colored square box under the Info column.

How many tabs are displayed with this event? Explain.
Just 2, one for the OSI Model and one for Inbound PDU Details because this is the receiving device.

What additional Event Types are displayed?
Depending on whether any communications has occurred prior to starting the original simulation, there should now be entries for ARP, DNS, TCP and HTTP. It is possible that the ARP entries may not show, depending on what a student may have done prior to going to Simulation mode. If the activity is started from scratch all of those will be listed.


What information is listed in the NAME field: in the DNS QUERY section?
www.osi.local

e. Click the last DNS Info colored square box in the event list.

At which device was the PDU captured?
The Web Client

What is the value listed next to ADDRESS: in the DNS ANSWER section of the Inbound PDU Details?
192.168.1.254 – the address of the Web Server

f. Find the first HTTP event in the list and click the colored square box of the TCP event immediately following this event. Highlight Layer 4 in the OSI Model tab.

In the numbered list directly below the In Layers and Out Layers, what is the information displayed under items 4 and 5?
4. The TCP connection is successful. 5. The device sets the connection state to ESTABLISHED.

What is the purpose of this event, based on the information provided in the last item in the list (should be item 4)?
CLOSING the connection.


Based on the information that was inspected during the Packet Tracer capture, what port number is the Web Server listening on for the web request?
The first HTTP PDU being requested by the Web Client shows port 80 under the layer 4 DST port.

What port is the Web Server listening on for a DNS request?
The first DNS PDU being requested by the Web Client shows a layer 4 destination of port 53.



