1. Were there different types of wires used to connect devices? Yes, copper and fiber
2. Did the wires change the handling of the PDU in any way? No
3. Did the Hub lose any of the information given to it? No
4. What does the Hub do with MAC addresses and IP addresses? Nothing
5. Did the wireless Access Point do anything with the information given to it? Yes. It repackaged it as wireless 802.11
6. Was any MAC or IP address lost during the wireless transfer? No
7. What was the highest OSI layer that the Hub and Access Point used? Layer 1
8. Did the Hub or Access Point ever replicate a PDU that was rejected with a red “X”? Yes
9. When examining the PDU Details tab, which MAC address appeared first, the source or the destination? Destination
10. Why would the MAC addresses appear in this order? A switch can begin forwarding a frame to a known MAC address more quickly if the destination is listed first
11. Was there a pattern to the MAC addressing in the simulation? No
12. Did the switches ever replicate a PDU that was rejected with a red “X”? No
13. Every time that the PDU was sent between the 10 network and the 172 network, there was a point where the MAC addresses suddenly changed. Where did that occur? It occurred at the Router
14. Which device uses MAC addresses starting with 00D0? The Router
15. To what devices did the other MAC addresses belong? To the sender and receiver
16. Did the sending and receiving IPv4 addresses switch in any of the PDUs? No
17. If you follow the reply to a ping, sometimes called a pong, do the sending and receiving IPv4 addresses switch? Yes
18. What is the pattern to the IPv4 addressing in this simulation? Each port of a router requires a set of non-overlapping addresses
19. Why do different IP networks need to be assigned to different ports of a router? The function of a router is to inter-connect different IP networks.
20. If this simulation was configured with IPv6 instead of IPv4, what would be different? The IPv4 addresses would be replaced with IPv6 addresses, but everything else would be the same.
